You will prepare a project proposal detailing the questions we are wanting to
answer. The initial hypotheses about the data relationships and the approach you
will take to get your answers.

Proposal is just a plan.

End goal is important

Here you have to make some assumptions based on the questions you want to address
based on the DA track.

In DA track please aim to identify patterns in the data. Data analysis approach

1.What approach are you going to take in order to prove or disprove your
hypothesis?

2.Please justify your data analysis approach.

3.Identify important patterns in your data using the EDA approach to justify your
findings.
Utilize exploratory data analysis approaches to predict credit card pattern based
on customer information.
Features name: (Credit_Card.csv)

Ind_ID: Client ID
Gender: Gender information
Car_owner: Having car or not
Propert_owner: Having property or not
Children: Count of children
Annual_income: Annual income
Type_Income: Income type
Education: Education level
Marital_status: Marital_status
Housing_type: Living style
Birthday_count: Use backward count from current day (0), -1 means yesterday.
Employed_days: Start date of employment. Use backward count from current day (0).
Positive value means, individual is currently unemployed.
Mobile_phone: Any mobile phone
Work_phone: Any work phone
Phone: Any phone number
EMAIL_ID: Any email ID
Type_Occupation: Occupation
Family_Members: Family size

Use MySQL to perform the below queries.
Label: 0 is application approved and 1 is application rejected.
1.Group the customers based on their income type and find the average of their
annual income.
2.Find the number of female owners of cars and property.
3.Find the number of male customers who are staying with their families.
4.Please list the top five people having the highest income.
5.What is the highest education level and what is the total count?
6.How many married people are having bad credit?
7.Between married males and females, who is having more bad credit? 






